Update to Keys and Certificate Types Section (#166)
ietf-teep/architecture: draft-ietf-teep-architecture.md

The use of personalization data is dependent on how TAs are used 
and what their security requirements are. 

> TEEP requests from a TAM to a TEEP Agent can be signed with the TAM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TEEP requests from a TAM to a TEEP Agent can be encrypted with a data key that is wrapped with
the TEE public key (to provide confidentiality), and are then signed with the TAM
```

private key (for authentication and integrity protection).

> Conversely, TEEP responses from a TEEP Agent to a TAM can be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conversely, a TEEP response from a TEEP Agent to a TAM can be encrypted with a data key that is transported with the TAM public key, and is
```

Author: We are not providing encryption capabilities for the communication from the TEEP Agent to the TAM.

Reviewer: It was the original design that TEEP Agent and TAM can provide end-to-end security without relying on transport security.

signed with the TEE private key. For encryption of the personalization
data and the TA binary, the TA developer has to use public keys 

> unique to the TEE.

Reviewer 2: "use" how?  This is confusing.  I prefer the old text, and line 745-746 only make sense with the old text, not this proposed change.

Reviewer 2: Russ commented: 

> Section 5 says: "... encrypted with the TAM public key ...". This is not correct. The TAM public key is used to establish the key that is then used for encryption and decryption. Further the wording is aimed at RSA, which is a key transport algorithm. Please make the wording accommodate key transport and key agreement approaches.

However, I don't think this is addressed yet.

Reviewer 2: Ming, can you do a wording suggestion here?

Reviewer: Revised with suggestions. I kept the encryption clause for its purpose to provide end-to-end security without relying on network security such as use of TLS to exchange the TEEP messages.

Before a TAM can begin operation in the marketplace to support a
device with a particular TEE, it must obtain a TAM
certificate from a CA or the raw public key of a TAM that is listed in 
the Trust Anchor Store of the TEEP Agent.

## Trust Anchors in a TEE {#trust-anchors-in-tee}

A TEE determines whether TA binaries are allowed to execute by 

> verifying whether their signature can be verified by certificate(s)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
verifying whether their signature can be verified using certificate(s) or raw public key(s)
```

The Trust Anchor Store in a TAM consists of a list of Trust Anchors, which
are certificates that sign various device TEE certificates.  A TAM will accept a
device for TA management if the TEE in the device uses a TEE certificate

> that is chained to a certificate that the TAM trusts, is contained in a whitelist, 
> is not found on a blacklist and fulfills other policy criteria.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that is chained to a certificate or raw public key that the TAM trusts, is contained in an allow list, 
is not found on a block list, and/or fulfills any other policy criteria.
```

> is not found on a block list, and/or fulfills any other policy criteria.

Reviewer 2: Tiru asks: should we add a reference somewhere to an RFC that talks about the raw public key?

Reviewer 2: Tiru asks: should (or does?) sec consid section talk about compromise of raw public key trust anchor?

Author: I added the term raw public key to the terminology section. The compromise of a raw public key trust anchor is not different from the compromise of a "certificate" trust anchor.

## Scalability

> This architecture uses a PKI. Trust Anchors exist on the devices to

Reviewer 2: Why is this removing self-signed certificates?
```suggestion
This architecture uses a PKI (including self-signed certificates). Trust Anchors exist on the devices to
```

Reviewer 2: Also need to reword somehow to accommodate raw public key
